NORTH POLE
LAND USE BOARD
MEETING MINUTES
January 20, 2020
Meeting Location: All gathered in North Pole Municipal Building, 1 Santa Claus Ln, North Pole
Chairman Frost calls meeting to order at 7:30 PM North Pole Standard Time.
Roll call of Board members please:
Chairman Jack Frost - Present
Vice Chairman Mother Nature - Present
Superman - Present
Clarice - Present
Yukon Cornelius - HERE!
Ginger Breaddie - Present
King Moonracer - Present
Mrs. Donner - Present
Tanta Kringle - Present
Charlie In-the-Box - Here
Krampus - Growl
Dolly - Present
Snow Miser - Heya!
Alabaster Snowball - Hello
Queen of the Winter Spirits - Present

ALSO PRESENT:
                Kris Kringle
                Pepper Minstix
                Heat Miser
                Father Time
Chairman Frost made the required announcement concerning the Open Public Meetings Act: Adequate notice of this meeting has been made -- displayed on the bulletin board ne
xt to the Pole, listed on the North Pole community website, and published in the North Pole Times newspaper -- for people who are interested in this meeting.
Review minutes for December 2020 meeting. Motion to accept – Mrs. Donner. Second – Superman.  Minutes approved.
OLD BUSINESS: No Old Business.
RESOLUTIONS:
The board took up final discussions of the plans presented last year for the expansion of Santa’s Castle to include new courtyard, additional floors, elevator, roughly tr
ipling the size of the current castle.  Architect Ms. Pepper reviewed the planned changes and engineering reports. Chairman Frost noted, “These changes will put a heavy t
oll on the infrastructure of the North Pole.”  Mr. Krampus replied, “The infrastructure has already been expanded to handle it quite easily.”  Chairman Frost then noted, 
“But the additional traffic will be a burden on local residents.”  Dolly explained traffic projections were all in alignment with existing roadways.  Chairman Frost then 
exclaimed, “But with all the attention focused on Santa and his castle, how will people ever come to refer to the North Pole as ‘The Frostiest Place on Earth?’”  Mr. In-t
he-Box pointed out that new tourist-friendly taglines are always under consideration by the North Pole Chamber of Commerce, and are not a matter for this Board.  Mrs. Nat
ure made a motion to approve.  Seconded by Mr. Cornelius.  Tanta Kringle recused herself from the vote given her adoption of Kris Kringle as a son early in his life.  
Approved:
Mother Nature
Superman
Clarice
Yukon Cornelius
Ginger Breaddie
King Moonracer
Mother Nature
Superman
Clarice
Yukon Cornelius
Ginger Breaddie
King Moonracer
Mrs. Donner
Charlie In the Box
Krampus
Dolly
Snow Miser
Alabaster Snowball
Queen of the Winter Spirits
Opposed: 
                Jack Frost
Resolution carries.  Construction approved.
NEW BUSINESS:
Father Time Castle, new oversized furnace to be installed by Heat Miser Furnace, Inc.  Mr. H. Miser described the plan for installing new furnace to replace the faltering
 one in Mr. Time’s 20,000 sq ft castle. Ms. G. Breaddie pointed out that the proposed new furnace is 900,000,000 BTUs, a figure she considers “incredibly high for a build
ing that size, likely two orders of magnitude too high.  Why, it might burn the whole North Pole down!”  Mr. H. Miser replied with a laugh, “That’s the whole point!”  The
 board voted unanimously to reject the initial proposal, recommending that Mr. Miser devise a more realistic and safe plan for Mr. Time’s castle heating system.
Motion to adjourn – So moved, Krampus.  Second – Clarice. All in favor – aye. None opposed, although Chairman Frost made another note of his strong disagreement with the 
approval of the Kringle Castle expansion plan.  Meeting adjourned.