Ohai! Bushy Evergreen, just trying to get this door open.

It's running some Rust code written by Alabaster Snowball.

That's it! What a great password...

Oh, this might be a good time to mention another lock in the castle.

Santa asked me to ask you to evaluate the security of our new HID lock.

If ever you find yourself in posession of a Proxmark3, click it in your badge to interact with it.

It's a slick device that can read others' badges!

Hey, you want to help me figure out the light switch too? Those come in handy sometimes.

The password we need is in the lights.conf file, but it seems to be encrypted.

There's another instance of the program and configuration in ~/lab/ you can play around with.

What if we set the user name to an encrypted value?

Wow - that worked? I mean, it worked! Hooray for opportunistic decryption, I guess!

Oh, did I mention that the Proxmark can simulate badges? Cool, huh?

There are lots of references online to help.

In fact, there's a talk going on right now!

So hey, if you want, there's one more challenge.

You see, there's a vending machine in there that the speakers like to use sometimes.

Play around with ./vending_machines in the lab folder.

You know what might be worth trying? Delete or rename the config file and run it.

Then you could set the password yourself to AAAAAAAA or BBBBBBBB.

If the encryption is simple code book or rotation ciphers, you'll be able to roll back the original password.

Your lookup table worked - great job! That's one way to defeat a polyalphabetic cipher!

Good luck navigating the rest of the castle.

And that Proxmark thing? Some people scan other people's badges and try those codes at locked doors.

Other people scan one or two and just try to vary room numbers.

Do whatever works best for you!



"Put it in the cloud," they said...

"It'll be great," they said...

All the lights on the Christmas trees throughout the castle are controlled through a remote server.

We can shuffle the colors of the lights by connecting via dial-up, but our only modem is broken!

Fortunately, I speak dial-up. However, I can't quite remember the handshake sequence.

https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/3/33/Dial_up_modem_noises.ogg

탢ݵרOُ񆨶$Ԩ؉楌Բ ahem! We did it! Thank you!!

Anytime you feel like changing the color scheme up, just pick up the phone!

You know, Santa really seems to trust Shinny Upatree...


#there is an example in the pcaps dir
ex = rdpcap('pcaps/dns.pcap')
ex[1].show()
#then for your packet
dns.show()
#compare them side by side